Refresh Agent Builder docs for 9.4 UI and navigation (#5850)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/ai-features/agent-builder/agent-builder-agents.md

> {{agent-builder}} includes pre-configured built-in agents optimized for common use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{agent-builder}} includes a pre-configured built-in agent optimized for common use cases, which you can also customize using custom instructions, tools, and skills.
```

- **[Elastic AI Agent](builtin-agents-reference.md#elastic-ai-agent)**: The default general-purpose agent
- {applies_to}`stack: preview =9.2, ga =9.3, removed 9.4+` **[Observability Agent](builtin-agents-reference.md#observability-agent)**: Specialized for logs, metrics, and traces
- {applies_to}`stack: preview =9.2, ga =9.3, removed 9.4+` **[Threat Hunting Agent](builtin-agents-reference.md#threat-hunting-agent)**: Specialized for security alert analysis

:::{note}

> :applies_to: stack: ga 9.2-9.3

Reviewer: Let's put all this in a previous versions collapsible to hide it away from the main narrative and avoid confusion
